Update Bits AI SRE documentation (#33030)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/bits_ai/bits_ai_sre/configure.md

### Slack

1. Ensure the [Datadog Slack app][3] is installed in your Slack workspace.
1. In your monitor, go to **Configure notifications and automations** and add the `@slack-{channel-name}` handle. This sends monitor notifications to your chosen Slack channel.
1. Lastly, go to [**Bits AI SRE** > **Settings** > **Integrations**][4] and connect your Slack workspace. This allows Bits to write its findings directly under the monitor notification in Slack.
   <div class="alert alert-info">Each Slack workspace can only be connected to one Datadog organization.</div>

### Datadog Case Management

Datadog Case Management provides a centralized workspace for triaging, tracking, and remediating issues detected by Datadog and third-party integrations. Bits AI SRE automatically delivers its investigation findings to Jira and ServiceNow through Case Management. 

To set up Case Management, and the Jira and ServiceNow integrations:

> 1. Create a Case Management [project][5] for your team.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Create a [Case Management project][5] for your team.
```

slightly more descriptive link text

- Document the services or systems involved in detail. Bits uses this information to understand the environment and guide investigations effectively.

<div class="alert alert-tip">The more precisely your Confluence page matches the issue at hand, the more helpful Bits can be.</div>

## Configure permissions

There are two RBAC permissions that apply to Bits AI SRE:

| Name                                                    | Description                            | Default role           |
|:--------------------------------------------------------|:---------------------------------------|:-----------------------|
| Bits Investigations Read (`bits_investigations_read`)   | Read Bits investigations.              | Datadog Read Only Role |
| Bits Investigations Write (`bits_investigations_write`) | Run and configure Bits investigations. | Datadog Standard Role  |

These permissions are added by default to Managed Roles. If your organization uses Custom Roles or have previously modified the default roles, an admin with the User Access Manage permission needs to manually add the permission to the appropriate roles. For details, see [Access Control][8].

## Configure rate limits

> Rate limits define the maximum number of automatic investigations Bits AI SRE can run in a rolling 24-hour period. Even after you've hit a rate limit, you can still trigger [manual investigations][9].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Rate limits define the maximum number of automatic investigations Bits AI SRE can run in a rolling 24-hour period. After you reach a rate limit, you can continue to trigger [manual investigations][9].
```

"hit a limit" seems more colloquial than we may want

### Types of rate limits

Per monitor limit
: Controls how often investigations are automatically triggered from a single monitor within a rolling 24-hour window.
: **Default:** Each monitor can trigger one automatic investigation per 24 hours.

Organization limit

> : The Organization limit defines the total number of automatic investigations Bits AI SRE can run across your entire organization within 24 hours.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
: Defines the total number of automatic investigations Bits AI SRE can run across your entire organization within 24 hours.
```

for parallel construction with the per monitor limit

---
title: Configure Bits AI SRE
---

## Configure where Bits sends investigation findings

By default, all investigations are listed on the [Bits AI Investigations][1] page.

For monitor alert investigations, a summary of the findings is available on the monitor's status page. If your monitor already has @slack, @case, or @oncall [notifications][2] configured, Bits automatically posts its findings to those destinations. If not, you can set up those integrations using the instructions below. 

> Additionally, if you have already configured `@slack`, `@case`, or `@oncall` [notifications in your monitor][2], Bits automatically writes to those places. If not, you can add them as destinations for investigation findings to appear:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

<div class="alert alert-tip">The more precisely your Confluence page matches the issue at hand, the more helpful Bits can be.</div>

## Configure permissions

There are two RBAC permissions that apply to Bits AI SRE:

| Name                                                    | Description                            | Default role           |
|:--------------------------------------------------------|:---------------------------------------|:-----------------------|
| Bits Investigations Read (`bits_investigations_read`)   | Read Bits investigations.              | Datadog Read Only Role |
| Bits Investigations Write (`bits_investigations_write`) | Run and configure Bits investigations. | Datadog Standard Role  |

These permissions are added by default to Managed Roles. If your organization uses Custom Roles or have previously modified the default roles, an admin with the User Access Manage permission needs to manually add the permission to the appropriate roles. For details, see [Access Control][8].

## Configure rate limits

Rate limits define the maximum number of automatic investigations Bits AI SRE can run in a rolling 24-hour period.

> Even after you've hit a rate limit, you can still trigger [manual investigations][9].

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

### Types of rate limits

Per monitor limit

> : Controls how often an investigation is triggered from a single monitor alert within a rolling 24 hour window.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
: Controls how often investigations are automatically triggered from a single monitor within a rolling 24-hour window.
```

: **Default:** Each monitor can trigger one automatic investigation per 24 hours.

Organization limit
: The Organization limit defines the total number of investigations Bits AI SRE can run across your entire organization within 24 hours.
: **Default:** No limit.

### Set a rate limit

To set a rate limit:

> 1. Navigate to **Bits AI SRE** > **Settings** > [**Rate Limits**][10].

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. Navigate to [**Bits AI SRE** > **Settings** > **Rate Limits**][10].
```

2. Toggle on the rate limit you want to enable.
3. Set the maximum number of investigations you want to run within a rolling 24-hour window.
4. Click **Save**.

{{< img src="bits_ai/rate_limits.png" alt="Options to set a rate limit" style="width:60%;" >}}

## Audit Trail

You can monitor user-initiated actions with [Audit Trail][11]. Events are sent when:
- A user manually starts an investigation and when the investigation completes
- A tool call is executed in a manual investigation
- A user enables or disables automatic investigations for a monitor
- A user modifies the monitor rate limit

> ## Reports

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion

```
